README.md, before:

# FancyFidoFetcher

Fetch a foto of a fancy fido and create a pup persona!

## About

This Angular app integrates with the dog.ceo API (https://dog.ceo/dog-api/) to generate random pictures of dogs. Once the user has found the perfect photo, they can fill out the form to create a persona for that pup. The form has real-time input validation to ensure required fields are included and appropriate inputs are received. Users can navigate between creating new personas and browsing existing personas using the navigation bar at the top of the page. Unit tests are included to test the API integration at the service and component level.

## Angular CLI instructions

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 11.0.5.

### Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

### Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

### Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

### Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

### Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Updated README.md with run instructions

README.md, after:

# FancyFidoFetcher

Fetch a foto of a fancy fido and create a pup persona!

## About

This Angular app integrates with the dog.ceo API (https://dog.ceo/dog-api/) to generate random pictures of dogs. Once the user has found the perfect photo, they can fill out the form to create a persona for that pup. The form has real-time input validation to ensure required fields are included and appropriate inputs are received. Users can navigate between creating new personas and browsing existing personas using the navigation bar at the top of the page. Unit tests are included to test the API integration at the service and component level.

To run the app: clone this repo, navigate to the folder, and follow the development server instructions below.

## Angular CLI instructions

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 11.0.5.

### Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

### Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

### Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

### Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

### Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
